Mixer purge fixes (#2099)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/flight_stack/controller_diagrams.md

* K-PID controller. See [Rate Controller](../config_mc/pid_tuning_guide_multicopter.md#rate-controller) for more information.
* The integral authority is limited to prevent wind up.

> * The outputs are limited (in the mixer), usually at -1 and 1.

Author: Again, can I use the term "in the mixer"?

Reviewer: Here I'd use control allocation module, as it refers to the implementation.

For a standard and tilt-rotor VTOL, during transition the fixed-wing attitude controller produces the rate setpoints, which are then fed into the separate rate controllers, resulting in torque commands for the multicopter and fixed-wing actuators.
For tailsitters, during transition the multicopter attitude controller is running.

The outputs of the VTOL attitude block are separate torque and force commands for the multicopter (typically `actuator_controls_0`) and fixed-wing (typically `actuator_controls_1`) actuators. 

> These are handled in an airframe-specific mixer file (see [Mixing](../concept/mixing.md)). 

Author: So obviously this is no longer correct - at least "handled in the mixer file" and suggestion to see mixing". Can you subedit this page in its entirety so I don't screw it up?

Reviewer: ```
The outputs of the VTOL attitude block are separate torque and force commands for the multicopter and fixed-wing actuators (two instances for `vehicle_torque_setpoint` and `vehicle_thrust_setpoint`). 
These are handled in an airframe-specific control allocation class.
```

Author: Thank you. I'll take that suggestion

```suggestion
The outputs of the VTOL attitude block are separate torque and force commands for the multicopter and fixed-wing actuators (two instances for `vehicle_torque_setpoint` and `vehicle_thrust_setpoint`). 
These are handled in an airframe-specific control allocation class.
```
